all right so I was washing a little bit
of TV last night and I've seen something
so extremely ridiculous that I had to
make a video about it this is too
extreme nonsense that I've just
encountered last night while watching TV
really really really really really I
bullshit you not this is what the hell
I've just seen on TV apparently this guy
in this woman are obsessed with being a
complete replica real-life replicas of
Barbie dolls but there one other person
that also wants to be a Barbie now
I mean come on people let's be serious
here who to help wants to be a Barbie
doll
I gotta die alone I gotta pushed out of
magic die
what has this world come to it's bad
enough to see it full grown adults being
obsessed with Barbie dolls and playing
with them especially men how sick and
twisted it will be the seat grown men
and women look at lights Ryan look like
Barbie dolls very strange is scary how
the fuck do you waste all your
hard-earned money in time into expensive
as plastic surgeries just become a
fictional character this is the rare
case of self-esteem issues going on here
that really must be flat-out insane you
got people like these ass clowns trying
to make a living trying to become Barbie
dolls the biggest bunch of BS I ever
heard of my life and these two personal
friends and family members are seriously
dropping them ball being friends of
family members no real friend or family
member will let their damn people become
Barbie doll dad oh yeah what's next
bro he's gonna go out there and start
saving up money so they can use it for
plant surgeries to turn him into legit
my little pony characters now that would
be some scary shit what if there was
some crazy Tekken fan of it trying to
look like these people
No okay my final word fuck this whole
thing is these two seriously need to get
some help trying to look like Barbie
dolls fuck outta here with that shit you
too psychotic cocksuckers and if you
support this bullshit then you're just a
psychotic and retarded as well that's
these two I don't give a damn if they
are watching fuck them - that's my time
I'll out of here
stay in the zone - tyshaun zone